Update 020_ros_with_dds.md (#293)
ros2/design: articles/020_ros_with_dds.md

> In some circumstances, the TCP protocol might be needed for discovery and data exchange.
> For more information on the RTI TCP Transport, please refer to the section in the RTI Core Libraries and Utilities User Manual titled "RTI TCP Transport".

> From ADLINK's website, they support TCP Since OpenSplice v6.4, supports shared memory as a transport and as an in-memory database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From ADLINK's website, they support TCP as of OpenSplice v6.4, supports shared memory as a transport and as an in-memory database.
```

Reviewer: What version do they support shared memory as a transport from, and what version do they support an in-memory database from?

Author: OpenSpliceDDS ( initially called SPLICE) was actually built from the begging as in-memory eventually consistent database, See slides 8 of Erik Boasson on the different spirits that  were the DDS technology ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/51df34b1e4b08840dcfd2841/t/5d102784919bd40001a4059d/1561339788292/2_3_Boasson.pdf ) 
More details on this link
http://download.prismtech.com/docs/Vortex/html/ospl/DeploymentGuide/overview.html#shared-memory-architecture  

As a shared memory, it is used for inter-process communication and therefore as a local transport layer.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the shared memory transport only available in the commericial version but not in the community edition?

Author: From Version 6  shared memory is provided with LGPL licensing for Commercial Edition. If the intension is to only scope the Apache license V2.0 of the Opensplice Community version, let's make that clear in the document.

Reviewer 2: The information doesn't have to be limited to the community version. But if the feature is only available in the commercial edition than that should be mentioned explicitly.

Author: That makes sense. The feature is available in the commercial edition.

ADLINK's implementation comes with a basic, functioning build system and was fairly easy to package.
OpenSplice appears to be the number two DDS implementation in use, but that is hard to tell for sure.

> ADLINK also contributes to Eclipse Cyclone DDS [https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds] (https://www.adlinktech.com/en/CycloneDDS).  Cyclone DDS is licensed under the Eclipse Public License - v 2.0 ( https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/).

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: please start each sentence on a new line (following the style guide). Also remove the extra space after the open parenthesis.

> ADLINK also contributes to Eclipse Cyclone DDS [https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds] (https://www.adlinktech.com/en/CycloneDDS).  Cyclone DDS is licensed under the Eclipse Public License - v 2.0 ( https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADLINK also contributes to [Eclipse Cyclone DDS](https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds) (see https://www.adlinktech.com/en/CycloneDDS).
Cyclone DDS is licensed under the [Eclipse Public License - v 2.0](https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/).
```

> ADLINK also supports heavily the Eclipse Cyclone DDS implementation [https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds] (https://www.adlinktech.com/en/CycloneDDS).  Cyclone DDS is licensed under Eclipse Public License - v 2.0 ( https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADLINK also contributes to Eclipse Cyclone DDS [https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds] (https://www.adlinktech.com/en/CycloneDDS).  Cyclone DDS is licensed under the Eclipse Public License - v 2.0 ( https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/).
```

Given the relatively strong LGPL option and the encouraging but custom license from RTI, it seems that depending on and even distributing DDS as a dependency should be straightforward.
One of the goals of this proposal would be to make ROS 2 DDS vendor agnostic.

> So, just as an example, if the default implementation is Connext, but someone wants to use one of the Apache 2 options like Fast DDS or Cyclone DDS, they simply need to recompile the ROS source code with some options flipped and they can use the implementation of their choice.

Reviewer 2: While updating the license and changing the vendor names I would suggest to also update the surrounding information. Connext isn't the default - Fast DDS is. "Flipping some options" isn't really helpful without mentioning them - and afaik there shouldn't be any need for options - just rebuilding from source with the desired RMW implementation present should make it usable.

> So, just as an example, if the default implementation is Connext, but someone wants to use one of the Apache 2 options like Fast DDS or Cyclone DDS, they simply need to recompile the ROS source code with some options flipped and they can use the implementation of their choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, just as an example, if the default implementation is Fast DDS, but someone wants to use a commercial implementation like Connext, they simply need to change the `RMW_IMPLEMENTATION` environment variable and relaunch their nodes to change the underlying DDS implementation to Connext.
```

> So, just as an example, if the default implementation is Connext, but someone wants to use one of the LGPL options like OpenSplice, FastRTPS or Cyclone DDS, they simply need to recompile the ROS source code with some options flipped and they can use the implementation of their choice.

Reviewer: Cyclone DDS is not LGPL. Actually, neither is Fast DDS...

```suggestion
So, just as an example, if the default implementation is Connext, but someone wants to use one of the Apache 2 options like Fast DDS or Cyclone DDS, they simply need to recompile the ROS source code with some options flipped and they can use the implementation of their choice.
```
